Add hint to refresh browser cache (#1055)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/internationalization/core.md

python3 -m script.translations develop
```

> You will probably need to update your browser cache for the changes to take effect (e.g. ctrl-F5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If translations does not show, clear the browser cache (cmd + R (for MacOS), ctrl + F5 (Windows and Linux))
```
